Hello and welcome back to the course on business statistics and today we're talking about the sampling
distribution.
So previously we left off here where we discussed that there is a population and then we can take samples
in order to estimate the parameters of the population.
However not always taking samples is useful and can lead to the results that we want.
Sometimes there will be situations when just merely having a sample or taking a sample and getting formations
from that sample is not going to give us the right insights in order to solve the business problem.
And in fact at the end of the session we'll actually have a look at an actual business problem which
we are not able to solve through just mere sampling but which we will need more advanced techniques
to solve.
And that's exactly what we're preparing here for in order to prepare ourselves to understand the Central
Limit Theorem.
We need to discuss one more thing and that's exactly what we're doing now.
We're going to be looking at the sampling distribution so the sampling distribution sounds similar to
sample but is actually two very different concepts.
And let's have a look at what a sampling distribution implies.
So instead of just taking one sample like we see here in red How about we take several samples from
our distribution.
So let's take one sample here and they'll be the same size of the same number of observations in them.
Take another sample here take another sample here and take another sample.
And so we just keep taking samples like that and every time as you can see we're recording ex-parte
which is the mean of the metric that we're looking at for that specific sample so we just we take a
sample we look at what the mean is we recorded.
We take a sample We'll look at what the mean is and record it and so on and so we keep doing it many
many times.
And in the end we have lots and lots of these values which means means of the sample.
And then what we're going to do is we're going to actually plot those values on a chart.
So there's our charts and whatever results we get from these observations we're going to plotted on
this chart it will look something like that we don't know what will look like so as for a question mark
here before we get too carried away it will look as some sort of distribution and you'll be called the
sampling distribution of the sample.
I mean I know there's a lot of words that are similar in their sampling distribution of the sample mean
and actually get even more like that in the further trials.
But nevertheless it's important just to understand what we're doing here we're just taking samples from
our population lots and lots of samples that can overlap no problem because just taking all these random
samples and we're recording the mean of the metric that we're interested in and we're writing it down
every single time.
And then we are plodding that the probability density function of that we're coming up for distribution
for that new variable.
So now we will have a sampling distribution of the sampling.
So that's what sampling is all about.
And in the next tutorial we'll finally get to the Central Limit Theorem.
And I look forward to seeing you there.
Until next I'm happy analyzing.